Madam, sir, he threatened me with my mother
I had to lie to deceive you.
In fact, he was real when he heard the Tianjin report.
Yes, sir. He lied.
Not Wei Ying
He's not even your real mother
Pardon me?
The person who falsified the report was obviously Zhao Xiangru
Everything he said was false.
Sister Meng, if Shen Guiying is not your biological mother
Why did Zhao Xiangru kill him to silence him?
Have you ever thought about it?
I didn't kill him
It's all because you framed me
What a cruel heart!
They saw it with their own eyes.
Now you tell the truth to the lady
madam
Actually that video is fake
We are instructed by Mr.
Uh, just made that fake video to frame the old lady
The old lady he he did not frame Shen Guiying
The reason why he did this
It's to centrifuge you and the old lady's mother and daughter
Meng Jie, don't listen to their nonsense
I've never done that.
Bucheon, I work hard to recruit a mother
I don't need you to find a bunch of people to act and deceive me